911: What is he experiencing today?
NURSE: OK, so he has some abnormal labs and we called Tri-Med, but they wouldn't take him because he's a-- he had a severe traumatic brain injury.
911: When was that injury?
NURSE: When was it?
911: Yeah.
NURSE: It was back in it in 2019, I think it's around four or five or six months.
911: OK.
NURSE: Yeah and then he has a fever and he has a high white blood cells, high sodium.
911: OK, what symptoms is he experiencing due to this, am I able to talk to him?
NURSE: Fever, increased breathlessness.
911: Restlessness, you said?
NURSE: Yeah, increased breathlessness.
911: Can I talk to him?
NURSE: No because he, he doesn't talk.
911: He doesn't talk, why doesn't he talk,
does he have a medical condition that doesn't allow him to talk?
NURSE: Yeah, because of the medical condition.
911: And what made you call 9-1-1, what is alarming about his condition right now?
NURSE: Yeah, because he needs to be transported
to the Harborview Medical Center.
911: OK, and why are you requesting transport
to Harborview Medical?
NURSE: Why?
911: Yeah.
NURSE: Because he is breathless, and then it's impossible for him to send, and he had it in the mouth, he has kind of some bleeding, I don't know what.
911: He has difficulty breathing, OK.
NURSE: So, yeah, so that's that's why we need
the medic.
911: Understood... So we notified our aid crew to respond if anything changes, please be sure to give us a call back OK?
NURSE: OK, sounds good, thank you.
911: Keep him comfortable and continue to monitor their breathing OK?
NURSE: Okay, thank you.